Add readmes for @dotnet/area-system-io (#78935)
dotnet/runtime: src/libraries/System.IO.FileSystem.AccessControl/README.md

# System.IO.FileSystem.AccessControl
This assembly provides support for controling access to and auditing security-related actions on securable objects.
This assembly is only supported on Windows.

Documentation can be found at https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.security.accesscontrol and https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.io.filesystemaclextensions.

## Contribution Bar

> - [x] [We consider new features, new APIs and performance changes](../../libraries/README.md#primary-bar)

Reviewer: I am not sure whether we consider new features for this library. It's Windows-only and afaik we have added everything that was needed to move from .NET Framework to Core.

```suggestion
- [x] [We only consider fixes to maintain or improve quality](../../libraries/README.md#primary-bar)
```
